We need to have a couple of micro services in place so that we can take the spring components and plug
them in wherever and however required.
So you're going to create a product micro service and a coupon micro service.
These two services will expose out the restful API, which will allow a end user to create a product.
And in the process, the product service will use the coupon service to apply a coupon code that the
client passes in and gets the discount.
So all the coupon information is maintained by the coupon service.
The product service is only responsible for creating the product in the database, along with its price
and description details which the client passes.
So the process here is take the client's request.
The product service will call the coupon service, get the discount for the coupon code, which the
client would have passed, apply that discount on the price which the client passes and then save that
product to the database.
All the coupon details will be saved in the coupon service database.
The coupon service will expose out a couple of restful apis.
One is to create the coupons and the second one is to get the coupon details through the coupon code.